{% raw %} <li><a href="CapabilityStatement-consumer-client.json.html">Consumer Client CapabilityStatement</a> This profile defines the expected capabilities of a Da Vinci DEQM Consumer Client when conforming to the Da Vinci DEQM Implementation Guide.  Consumers include systems that are primary consumers of patient healthcare information and systems that consume data from Producers.   This CapabilityStatement resource includes the complete list of the *recommended*  Da Vinci DEQM profiles and RESTful operations that a Da Vinci DEQM Consumer Client could support. Clients have the option of choosing from this list based on their local use cases and other contextual requirements.</li>
 <li><a href="CapabilityStatement-consumer-server.json.html">Consumer Server CapabilityStatement</a> This profile defines the expected capabilities of a Da Vinci DEQM Consumer Server when conforming to the Da Vinci DEQM Implementation Guide.  Consumers include systems that are primary consumers of patient healthcare information and systems that consume data from Producers.  This CapabilityStatement resource includes the complete list of the *recommended*  Da Vinci DEQM profiles and RESTful operations that a Da Vinci DEQM Consumer Server could support. Servers have the option of choosing from this list based on their local use cases and other contextual requirements.</li>
 <li><a href="CapabilityStatement-producer-client.json.html">Producer Client CapabilityStatement</a> This profile defines the expected capabilities of a Da Vinci DEQM Producer Client when conforming to the Da Vinci DEQM Implementation Guide. Producers include systems that are primary producers of patient healthcare information.  This CapabilityStatement resource includes the complete list of the *recommended*  Da Vinci DEQM profiles and RESTful operations that are  Da Vinci DEQM Producer Client could support. Clients have the option of choosing from this list based on their local use cases and other contextual requirements.</li>
 <li><a href="CapabilityStatement-producer-server.json.html">Producer Server CapabilityStatement</a> This profile defines the expected capabilities of a Da Vinci DEQM Producer Server when conforming to the Da Vinci DEQM Implementation Guide. Producers include systems that are primary producers of patient healthcare information.  This CapabilityStatement resource includes the complete list of the *recommended*  Da Vinci DEQM profiles and RESTful operations that a Da Vinci DEQM Producer Server could support. Servers have the option of choosing from this list based on their local use cases and other contextual requirements.</li>
 <li><a href="CapabilityStatement-receiver-server.json.html">Receiver Server CapabilityStatement</a> This profile defines the expected capabilities of a Da Vinci DEQM Receiver Server when conforming to the Da Vinci DEQM Implementation Guide. Receivers include systems that are primary receivers of Measure data such as payers as well as public health and other healthcare-related agencies.  This CapabilityStatement resource includes the complete list of the *recommended*  Da Vinci DEQM profiles and RESTful operations that a Da Vinci DEQM Receiver Server could support. Servers have the option of choosing from this list based on their local use cases and other contextual requirements.</li>
 <li><a href="CapabilityStatement-reporter-client.json.html">Reporter Client CapabilityStatement</a> This profile defines the expected capabilities of a Da Vinci DEQM Reporter Client when conforming to the Da Vinci DEQM Implementation Guide.  Reporters include systems that are primary reporters of patient healthcare information and systems that consume data from Producers.   This CapabilityStatement resource includes the complete list of the *recommended*  Da Vinci DEQM profiles and RESTful operations that a Da Vinci DEQM Reporter Client could support. Clients have the option of choosing from this list based on their local use cases and other contextual requirements.</li>
{% endraw %}